Dialogue

Jerry:
Ignore - Be gone you peasant!
Neutral - Jill seems to notice everyone but ME! What shall I do Benjamins?
Happy - While you can never have as much money as me I shall let you partake of my presence.

Jennifer:
Ignore - Sorry my first time at one of these and not really comfortable talking to strangers.
Neutral - I could sure go for a drink. It might help me loosen up a bit.
Give - Thanks that drink was excellent, I think I will ask the bar tender for another.
Happy - Wow after a few drinks I feel liberated! I think this is a perfect night for some streaking! Would you like to join me?

Jack:
Ignore - Sorry sweet cheeks you aren't quite what I am looking for.
Nuetral - Well sugar, if you could dress a little more regal we may be making progress.
Happy - Hey Hot Stuff! If you have some time after the party you know where to find me.

Jill:
Ignore - While you are quite attractive it seems you have nothing I desire for now.
Nuetral - If you could, please get Jerry off my back and possibly slip into something a little more revealing.
Happy - Hey gorgeous, here is my number. Give me a ring after this shindig for a night to remember.

Jane:
Ignore - Beat it twerp! You are of little value to me.
Neutral - I am quite curious what Jack has been up to lately. He has been quite secretive.
Give - For the juicy gossip you have provide I can easily part with this extra mask I have.
Happy - You may be of some use to me after all.

Joe:
Ignore - Hey Kiddo. Got nothing to offer you but drinks at the moment.
Nuetral - So what will you have? Oh something for the lady in blue. No problem.
Happy - Here kiddo, have some of Joe's special stock. On the house.

George the Guard:
Ignore - WHAT! HAVE A PROBLEM!
Push - BACK OFF OR I'LL CRUSH YOUR SPINE! YEAH!
Happy - GO ON THROUGH, THIS TIME!

Giovanni the Guard:
Ignore - What are ya lookin at!
Push - Back off buddy before me and Georgey here have to break ya legs.
Happy - Eh! I heard about ya, the Mayor is excited to talk to ya.

Mayor:
End - Wait you're not my pusher! Guards!